Grandma Lin, your paper shell
What's wrong? It's okay
Go back and chat. I
What did I do?
I was in Moments last night and you just saw it?
Is it because I don’t have a wife that I have the patience to read all the friends’ posts one by one?
I won’t tell you anymore!
Who is it? Come back here
You don’t know it? It sounds strange to me?
Oops, are you thinking too much?
Do you feel like a changing figure again? Chen Yun
Are you talking about me?
There must be something wrong with this
You have to learn to be urgent
you are my person
You're not from the stock market, right?
And I just want to see
What exactly is this kind of thing?
I attracted a pretty good kid on the market. You laugh.
I'll give you three minutes
Get out of here right now